[Music]
hi guys welcome back to my channel thank
you for watching today I'll be reviewing
is she a lot of controversy on this
product I watched a couple reviews and
it seems like this come I didn't even
know what they were and people are like
it doesn't show up if you have darker
skin tones like it didn't seem to work
for a lot of people but then the people
who got it sent in their PR packaging a
lot of people a lot of those people I
would say really loved it so you're
looking I have no problem if you get you
know product sent to you or if it's a
sponge a video anything like that but if
you love everything that scents you can
i really trust your opinion can so
anyway this is by Kylie cosmetics it's
the collection called k'kaw it's between
Kylie as Kim kardashian-west their
collaboration of course it was bound to
happen so these are cream liquid
lipsticks originally I thought that I
was getting glosses i didn't read too
carefully so i'm not expecting them to
be glossy since it is cream because it's
liquid lipstick normally i think
something more on the mattifying side of
things and longer-lasting and wheeler
not long-lasting okay they're not I
think the packaging is gorgeous I love
the packaging its frosted glass we just
look gorgeous but how far can packaging
go if the product is not good I don't
think it's not going to be good and I'm
just wondering you know but I do give
credit for pretty packaging because I
like pretty things okay I don't have
anything on my lips right now they're
completely there no lip liner I normally
like to put a lip liner for any sort of
Meucci or mix-and-match
and I just think if I have a brown tie a
light brown medium brown lip liner on my
lips before a nude gloss or lipstick
when I'm right baby
I just think it looks better and it
makes my lips a little bit more defined
so it doesn't blend in with my damn skin
but at the same time if I have a brown
lip liner on all the nude shades just
look better because they kind of mix in
with the brown and I want to see the
truth pigmentation of the lipstick
itself so I'm not going to use anything
on my lips the first shade is called
Kimberly okay this looks like it would
be the lightest shade you know what if
this was the nineties - mm I would have
loved this pale lip color because it
seemed like every gloss or lipstick that
was out in the store at the time when
the new light foundation lips concealer
lips was a thing like you wouldn't even
show up on my lips
so this is Kimberly on my list I am a
little bit thinner than usual right now
but I wouldn't I don't know if a
lipliner what's a bit like it would have
to be mostly lipliner and then just the
middle part to leave this glove because
it actually pigmented for a nude color
it's very comfortable feels oily it just
you know drive - it doesn't Drive it
just goes to a green finish that is that
it was a probably on your you know live
what I love those colors when it was
like the early two-thousands when that
peel color was the thing because
everything I needed to borrow my lips it
just would be like clear like as if I
had nothing on and you could just see my
lips so I've had it on for a few minutes
now and it totally settles into your
lines and I just don't think it looks
better on me on to the next the next one
is called Kim and this was definitely
one the peachy side I personally really
like peachy nude I like the darker mommy
used if I want to go darker but for
lighter shades I need to peach I need um
it'll be discolored
[Music]
this is Kim on me it's just definitely
more on the PC side the next color is
called Kiki it's more of like a baby
pink with a hint of peach it's like a
warm pink it's not cool tone
oh no about millennia your pigment is
and they feel so nice on the lips like
very moisturizing but you're like
they're just three key to me like
they're a little too sticky to me like I
don't think this color is even though it
is a warm toned pink because I'm so
yellow my skin tone is a lot more golden
and all of it looks much more full tone
so next on to the next the last one and
it's called Kinney now this is more of a
nude that is up my MA
[Music]
this one is definitely more of a color
that I would actually pick on at the
stores if I was looking for a nude or
like a pinky nude but on camera looks
final thoughts are that I think it's
affordable because you get four of them
I think the packaging is beautiful I
really like the formula it's very
comfortable on the lips and it is not
long-lasting however they don't claim it
to be long-lasting so I guess I can't
really get us em for that as far as the
colors go they're very very similar I
feel like they look more similar on
camera than they do in person but they
are pretty pigmented
then now them suit my skin tone like the
first two I don't know and I would
definitely not wear any of I would not
wear any of these without lip liner
there's just no way you also have to go
back and forth with a doe foot
applicator to make like a nice even
smooth coverage all over your lips
otherwise it just goes into the cracks
and it doesn't look that good especially
the first one oh my goodness it's just
settle into my life so bad but what I
repurchase these I don't think so
it's not worth it for me if only a
couple of the colors look good on me you
know if they did sell it separately I
would think about it I think about it no
I do like some of the colors and I do
think that a lot of them would look they
would just look so much better with lip
liner on I know that a lot of people
were saying that they're not friendly
for women of color I don't think that's
true even though some of the colors are
very light I've seen very very deep dark
skin tones
Rach super light lipsticks like from
Matt Smith you can wear it all if you
just have the right lip liner but
without lip liner
these don't look back that on me
all and I don't think it would look good
on anybody darker than my skin tone
either actually even lighter I just
think lip liner makes it look better
I'll save this collection was supposed
to cater to all skin tones only because
all the bosses
I mean cream liquid lipstick they're all
named after Kim you're supposed to be
her news and I can totally see her
walking these colors just not everybody
else you know so you're her exact shade
it probably will work for you and if
you're not it's probably won't I mean
this is supposed to resemble her what
color she was and all that and she is
famous for that nude lip do you guys
remember about of the day when she said
like everybody wanted to know what she
wore and it was max angel lipstick and
then NARS Turkish Delight NARS
Turkish Delight didn't even show up on
my lips it looked so bad like I wore it
it just looked like this ashy perfectly
just actually messed like a sticky mess
these liquid lipsticks are also not
sticky like some glasses oh my god I
keep calling and love them like how some
lip products can be they're not sticky
they're just pretty clean they do stay
true to a cream liquid lipstick they're
just not long-lasting and that's all I
have to say from this apana if you like
this review please subscribe and if the
Bell so you'll be notified every time I
do upload my Twitter snapchat and
Instagram are all Bushra Hamilton I love
interacting with anyone that follows me
the follow me if you like thank you so
much for watching I'll talk to you guys
next time bye
[Music]
you